CY-3476 replacing duplicated ldap documentation with a link (#1420)
cloudify-cosmo/docs.getcloudify.org: content/working_with/manager/user-management.md

If you choose not to integrate with an external user-management system, you can manage your Cloudify users on the manager itself, either by the [CLI commands]({{< relref "cli/maint_cli/users.md" >}}) or the [User Management widget]({{< relref "working_with/console/tenant-management-page.md" >}}) in the Cloudify Console. You can create users, add them to user-groups, assign them with tenants under specific roles, deactivate and delete them. 

## Managing users by Integrating with an LDAP System

> If you are interested to integrate Cloudify manager with LDAP please visit the following [link]({{< relref "working_with/manager/ldap-integration.md" >}})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To integrate the {{< param cfy_console_name >}} with an LDAP user repository, please follow [these directions]({{< relref "working_with/manager/ldap-integration.md" >}})
```
